README.md, before:

# Wedding Website - Marina & Stefan

- **email:** marinaystefan0911@gmail.com
- **location:** https://www.instagram.com/vila_jugovo_s/
- [VercelApp: wedding-website-marina-stefan](https://vercel.com/svarozics-projects/wedding-website-marina-stefan)
- [Текст за веб страницу](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uIygM2bqCekvzS63Dw2fz9sVsuTuegbokgIY0fqWiKY/edit?tab=t.r8gml6axpu3e)
- [Текст за позивницу](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xiFIkUnXWtfhqpasaTw6ertfrJmpW4gReoNbLyBijv8/edit?tab=t.0)

## TODOs for Stefan

- TODO: once Website is done, search for `Lorem ipsum` and finish translation/text

## SVARGA: for me

- SVARGA: once Website is done, add locale `de`, `re`

## Report 29.8.2025

- I will create web with `sr`, `en` first, other locales likes `de`, `ru` I will do at the end, when website is finished and texts are final
  - otherwise it would be slowing me down (I already need to do 1x extra copy per text to EN, then I would need to do 3x extra)
  - taking care of `sr` texts and their translations (and keeping it in sync) is your responsibility

## Tech Notes

- [astro-i18n](https://github.com/alexandre-fernandez/astro-i18nÏ)
- [daisyUI](https://daisyui.com/)
- [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
  - [Default Theme Variables](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/theme#default-theme-variable-reference)
  - [Tailwind icons](https://www.tailwindtoolbox.com/icons)
- [font source](https://fontsource.org/)
- [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/search?word=flag%20serbia)
- [Placehold](https://placehold.co)

## Program

- 7:00 [Beograd] okupljanje svatova (people gathering)
- 8:30 - 9:00 [Svilajnac] Dolazak po mladu
- 12:00 [Beograd?] venčanje u crkvi "Crkva Sv. Dimitrija u Novom Beogradu"
- 14:00 [Smederevo] Početak svatova
- 15:00 [Smederevo?] Državno venčanje

Commit message:

Fonts "Didact Gothic" for sans and "Great Vibes" for serif

README.md, after:

# Wedding Website - Marina & Stefan

- **email:** marinaystefan0911@gmail.com
- **location:** https://www.instagram.com/vila_jugovo_s/
- [VercelApp: wedding-website-marina-stefan](https://vercel.com/svarozics-projects/wedding-website-marina-stefan)
- [Текст за веб страницу](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1uIygM2bqCekvzS63Dw2fz9sVsuTuegbokgIY0fqWiKY/edit?tab=t.r8gml6axpu3e)
- [Текст за позивницу](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xiFIkUnXWtfhqpasaTw6ertfrJmpW4gReoNbLyBijv8/edit?tab=t.0)

## TODOs for Stefan

- TODO: once Website is done, search for `Lorem ipsum` and finish translation/text

## SVARGA: for me

- SVARGA: once Website is done, add locale `de`, `re`

## Report 29.8.2025

- I will create web with `sr`, `en` first, other locales likes `de`, `ru` I will do at the end, when website is finished and texts are final
  - otherwise it would be slowing me down (I already need to do 1x extra copy per text to EN, then I would need to do 3x extra)
  - taking care of `sr` texts and their translations (and keeping it in sync) is your responsibility
- Fonts "Didact Gothic" for sans and "Great Vibes" for serif are used

## Tech Notes

- [astro-i18n](https://github.com/alexandre-fernandez/astro-i18nÏ)
- [daisyUI](https://daisyui.com/)
- [tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)
  - [Default Theme Variables](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/theme#default-theme-variable-reference)
  - [Tailwind icons](https://www.tailwindtoolbox.com/icons)
- [font source](https://fontsource.org/)
- [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com/search?word=flag%20serbia)
- [Placehold](https://placehold.co)

## Program

- 7:00 [Beograd] okupljanje svatova (people gathering)
- 8:30 - 9:00 [Svilajnac] Dolazak po mladu
- 12:00 [Beograd?] venčanje u crkvi "Crkva Sv. Dimitrija u Novom Beogradu"
- 14:00 [Smederevo] Početak svatova
- 15:00 [Smederevo?] Državno venčanje
